Update deletion request approval information (#6658)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/manage/deletion-requests.md

    - **Reject**. Enter the reason for rejection in the **Reject Deletion Request** pop-up to help the requester understand the reason for rejection and take any necessary actions, and click the **Reject Request** button.<br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/search/get-started-search/reject-deletion-request.png')} alt="Reject deletion requests pop-up" style={{border: '1px solid gray'}} width="400"/>

:::note

> By default, data deletion requests require approval from two admins with the **Review Deletion Requests** capability. To require more than two approvals, contact our [Support team](https://support.sumologic.com/support/s/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, data deletion requests require approval from two of your org admins with the **Review Deletion Requests** capability. To change the number of required approvals, contact our [Support team](https://support.sumologic.com/support/s/).
```
